Fix Issue #274 (#275)
Nheko-Reborn/nheko: README.md

To use them, you can enable the hunter integration by passing `-DHUNTER_ENABLED=ON`.
It is probably wise to link those dependencies statically by passing `-DBUILD_SHARED_LIBS=OFF`
You can select which bundled dependencies you want to use py passing various `-DUSE_BUNDLED_*` flags. By default all dependencies are bundled *if* you enable hunter.

> If you are trying to link `mtxclient` library without hunter make sure the library version(commit) as mentioned in the `CMakeList.txt` is used, as not always nheko `master` is as updated to that of `mtxclient` library's `master`.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
If you experience build issues and you are trying to link `mtxclient` library without hunter, make sure the library version(commit) as mentioned in the `CMakeList.txt` is used. Sometimes we have to make breaking changes in `mtxclient` and for that period the master branch of both repos may not be compatible.
```
